are you stuck indoors like the rest of
us wondering how you can help click the
link below to support Direct Relief they
provide personal protective equipment
and essential medical items to health
workers responding to coronavirus please
do your part and give what you can
[Music]
in a world where Warner Brothers wishes
Jared Leto never existed in fact we're
all Suicide Squad with a lie forget it
ever happened
the one part she liked about the film
has been plucked from an early grave and
given her own squad just don't let her
do the tattoos this time I was writing a
word and I spelt it wrong birds of prey
and I'm not reading that part out loud
me the birds of prey meet a new Harley
Quinn eventually a lot of people in this
city want me dead any minute now the
perfect egg Simmons
no okay fine meet Harley Quinn after a
breakup with Jared Leto's body double
she's out to prove she's more than just
a lady Joker
so she's forming her own criminal gang
but not taking it seriously while
cracking jokes in clown makeup and using
goofy weapons to fight a rich guy
dressed in black this doesn't really
seem like much of an emancipation to me
more of a sparkly do-over that's not
very scrumptious lesson not even Webb
Tobias have you asked me explore Gotham
City like you've never seen it before
in the daylight you weird but
threatening to conquer it all is a
homicidal trust-fund kid in blackface I
mean black mask but also black face I
got it when I was embedded with the
ungawa tribe in congo kinshasa you and
look Reger shines as the owner of the
world's worst club to hang out at get on
that now dance whoa who blends the lines
between sadistic mob boss bro culture
avatar and Jenna's gay enough to hope it
slides past the censors in China so are
you guys gay there's a want and a need
in there for sure
as he hams his way into another great
villain performance that'll get ripped
off for decades because he's different
than the guy in the comics really
looking forward to hearing about this
and the Mandarin until the Sun explodes
gathered to stop him are the titular
birds of prey
it's a story yeah almost
can we just fast-forward to them teaming
up we're gonna have to work together
there we go
there's Huntress a realistic portrayal
of how awkward an orphan who trained to
become a murder hobo would actually be
Do You Know Who I am You Know Who I am
Cassandra Cain a kid sorry kid yeah keep
the kid alive price on the kid's head
you've got the wrong kid my kid kid kid
kid kid kid kid kid Renee Montoya a cop
with a special power too okay she's just
a car and white canary she sings really
loud and kicks good and stuff I'm just
saying I know more about katana than
these ladies and I only know for thinks
about katana one this is katana too
she's got my back three I would advise
not getting killed by her and for her
sword traps the souls of its victims DC
does not Stanford develop characters so
suit up for an r-rated ride that's more
Bugs Bunny that Batman
but combines a great cast with awesome
fight sequences to make this Hot Topic
version of Beyonce's lemonade that will
thrill and delight your inner teenager
but since it's rated R for no good
reason
went unseen by actual teenagers as you
couldn't tell the story right without
turning that guy's leg into spaghetti
starring dr. Quinn offer Medicine Woman
hello my name is Renee Montoya
you stole my promotion prepare to die
Obi Wan jabroni sonic boom Ramona
glowers Diamonds digest forever scar
tissue that I'll make you saw the
hottest nightclub in Gotham is the black
mask lab this place has everything
broken legs sad lounge singers a single
narrow room with no dance floor and a
scared Erica it's the thing where your
name is Erica and the creepy owner of
the club I should get on a table and
dance to no music always da baby dr.
Marvin Kendall Joe exotic 2020 and Jared
Leto you don't know who that is
sounds like a dick insane clowns posse
and that is why you should never partake
in paint federal income taxes whoa
Harley doesn't pay taxes and voted for
Bernie now that some Joker stuff thanks
for watching and once again please click
the link below to support Direct Relief
anything helps and remember wash your
hands with great mustache comes bad CGI
I saw a tiger and the tiger saw a man